# CeCILL-C FREE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


## Notice

This Agreement is a Free Software license agreement that is the result
of discussions between its authors in order to ensure compliance with
the two main principles guiding its drafting:

- firstly, compliance with the principles governing the distribution
  of Free Software: access to source code, broad rights granted to
  users,

- secondly, the election of a governing law, French law, with which it
  is conformant, both as regards the law of torts and intellectual
  property law, and the protection that it offers to both authors and
  holders of the economic rights over software.

The authors of the CeCILL-C (for Ce[a] C[nrs] I[nria] L[ogiciel]
L[ibre]) license are:

- Commissariat Ã  l'Energie Atomique - CEA, a public scientific,
  technical and industrial research establishment, having its
  principal place of business at 25 rue Leblanc, immeuble Le Ponant D,
  75015 Paris, France.

- Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique - CNRS, a public
  scientific and technological establishment, having its principal
  place of business at 3 rue Michel-Ange, 75794 Paris cedex 16,
  France.

- Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique -
  INRIA, a public scientific and technological establishment, having
  its principal place of business at Domaine de Voluceau,
  Rocquencourt, BP 105, 78153 Le Chesnay cedex, France.


## Preamble

The purpose of this Free Software license agreement is to grant users
the right to modify and re-use the software governed by this license.

The exercising of this right is conditional upon the obligation to
make available to the community the modifications made to the source
code of the software so as to contribute to its evolution.

In consideration of access to the source code and the rights to copy,
modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided
only with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of
the economic rights, and the successive licensors only have limited
liability.

In this respect, the risks associated with loading, using, modifying
and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user are brought
to the user's attention, given its Free Software status, which may
make it complicated to use, with the result that its use is reserved
for developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer
knowledge. Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the
suitability of the software as regards their requirements in
conditions enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be
ensured and, more generally, to use and operate it in the same
conditions of security. This Agreement may be freely reproduced and
published, provided it is not altered, and that no provisions are
either added or removed herefrom.

This Agreement may apply to any or all software for which the holder
of the economic rights decides to submit the use thereof to its
provisions.


## Article 1 - DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this Agreement, when the following expressions
commence with a capital letter, they shall have the following meaning:

-__Agreement:__ means this license agreement, and its possible
subsequent versions and annexes.
occurrence, and unless emergency proceedings are necessary, the
disagreements or disputes shall be referred to the Paris Courts having
jurisdiction, by the more diligent Party.


Version 1.0 dated 2006-09-05.
